Previously on Cross...
I need to find out
who's fucking with my family.
- Where did you get that?
- Mom's closet.
[Sampson] Heard back from Quincy.
Ran some hairs and fibers from that scarf.
Most of them are Maria's,
but one definitely was not.
[Bobby] If you're thinking
of grabbing another one
right now, you need to don't.
[Ramsey] Come by for some
harmless, platonic, very friendly advice.
[gunshot]
[crowd screaming]
[Cross] Tavio was murdered
because he knew something about Emir.
Now, if we just had his phone.
I have his cell phone.
I think he was killed
for something on there.
A voicemail from Emir Goodspeed.
[Emir on recording] I went
to that dude's house for a date.
I'm all fucked up. I'm at 41 Price Street.
[Ramsey] Glad you decided to come.
Hello, Aileen.
[atmospheric music playing]
♪ ♪
[footsteps approaching]
[knocking on door]
[lock clicks]
♪ ♪
[dog barking in distance]
[mutters]
I got it.
[chuckles]
[humming a tune]
[Cross] Mm-hmm.
[Maria continues humming]
[chuckles]
- [birds chirping]
- [speaking indistinctly]
Hey.
For Mommy, from all of us.
They're as beautiful as you.
Aw. [laughs]
Okay. Come here. Mm. Yeah.
Now, you make sure you talk to her.
She's always been a good listener.
- Mm-hmm.
- Still is. Mm.
[door opens]
[door closes]
[mournful music playing]
♪ ♪
[fluorescent lights buzzing quietly]
[water drips]
[pensive music playing]
[gasps quietly]
[panting]
Easy.
Good morning.
Shannon, I need you to do me a favor.
I need you to take a deep breath
and hold it.
What?
Why?
Just do it.
Shh, shh, shh. It's okay. It's okay.
Breathe. Breathe.
Breathe. Try again.
- Why am I here?
- Shannon. Shannon!
Breathe.
That's it. Yes.
- Perfect.
- [sighs]
My f...
- My face feels...
- I'm detoxing your pores
with hydrolyzed collagen
and dissolvable amino acids
from a Korean face mask.
And you're welcome.
I don't understand.
What do you want from me?
One step at a time.
[Shannon panting]
[Ramsey] That's it.
That's it.
[Emir on recording] Tavio, it's me.
I went to that dude's house for a date,
but something isn't right, man.
I'm all fucked up
and I didn't touch anything.
He did something. I need you to pull up.
Tavie, I'm at 41 Price Street.
Please, man, come quick.
I'm in trouble, man.
[line clicks]
[sighs]
Damn, that's chilling.
You can feel the fear.
Yeah. Goodspeed was killed
right after leaving that message.
Then why does the coroner's
report say accidental overdose?
That was decided
before I was put on the case.
So why haven't they changed it?
- Come on, Dean.
- It's a problem, Alex. You know it.
- Multiple bodies
are connected to this, Your Honor.
- Connected how?
The guy that Emir called for that ride--
Tavio Lemmons--
he was murdered
before we could even talk to him.
Tavio's girlfriend ends up
with the phone with that voicemail.
She was killed a couple of days later.
It all comes back to whatever went down
at the Price Street address.
I need a warrant to get in there,
- please.
- It's not that simple.
Right now, I don't see a crime.
Neither does the M.E.
It is that simple.
You believe me or you don't.
We're friends or we're not.
Friends don't let friends
get overturned on appeal.
- [horns honking in distance]
- [traffic passing by]
[car alarm chirps]
[suspenseful music playing]
[elevator bell dings]
[footsteps approaching]
[typing]
[elevator bell dings]
Um, yeah, he's down in records right now.
[police radio chatter]
[doors close]
You believe that shit?
Every time.
[elevator bell dings]
[doors open]
- [indistinct conversations]
- [phones ringing]
Oh, hey, Cross. I've got some info
on that Price Street house.
Doesn't matter. Can't get a warrant. Hey.
Did you get Massey
to change the cause of death?
She's not in. Me and you, we got to talk.
Did you know that house
used to be the Egyptian Embassy?
And before that, the Second National Bank.
- And before that, a brothel.
- Okay.
But who owns it now?
That's a little bit
of a riddle, still, but
whoever it is ran it through
a Delaware corporation owned by
a trust based in Nevada.
The property is vacant
and listed for short-term rental.
Whoa, didn't you just
tell me you had something?
Okay, you don't
have to be a dick about it.
I'm just trying to tell you
that someone is aggressively
hiding the ownership.
Why don't you try to tell me
when you know who that someone is?
The DNA results from the hair
you found on Maria's scarf came in.
We get a name?
- Here's the thing, Sugar...
- Who is it, John?
You're not managing very well,
do you feel me?
- I'm fine.
- No, you're not.
Give me a name.
I had to put flowers
on your wife's grave today
on your anniversary
because you couldn't
get all the way there.
You couldn't even step foot past the gate.
It's been over a year.
The name, the name, the name.
I want a name, John.
Make the appointment.
What appointment?
Are you fucking serious?
Are you fucking seri...
You know what, I'll call the lab myself.
And they'll tell you to call me.
Have you lost your mind, John?
This motherfucker been in my house.
He messed with my kids. Huh?
You want to sit here
and pull this Iyanla: Fix My Life shit?
You want the name, make the appointment.
Do it right now. On speaker.
All right.
- [dialing]
- [mutters] Fuckin' appointment.
- Hmm?
- [line ringing]
[Marcy] Dr. Adele Finaly's office.
Marcy! Hey, what's up?
It's Alex Cross. Yeah, yeah.
Uh, I just wanted to make
an appointment with the doc.
When's her next available?
Dr. Cross, it's been a while.
Can I put you on hold while I check?
Absolutely.
[sighs]
- [Muzak playing]
- Name.
You're not gonna believe this.
[dramatic music playing]
- [knock on door]
- Guys, we'll pick this up later.
I thought you wanted this filed--
Did you hear the part
where I said "later"? Go.
Don't come in here
asking me for another favor, Alex.
Sampson promised
you'd do a nice, quiet suspension.
If I had known that
you were gonna keep working
I never would have slow-played
that citizen complaint.
Not about that.
Someone broke into my home.
Didn't take anything. Instead,
- they left a scarf
that used to belong to my wife.
- What?
One that went missing
the day she was killed.
We sent it to the lab.
They found a strand of hair
that didn't belong to Maria.
DNA just came back.
It's yours.
- [indistinct chatter]
- [♪ The Soulsations: "Soul Skate"]
What can I get you?
What you know about
Shreveport stuffed shrimp?
I don't know what you mean.
I mean, is it the real thing,
Shreveport-style?
Or, you know, you just
wrote that up on up there?
It's one of our best sellers,
- I tell you that.
- Mm-mmm. Mm-mmm.
That ain't what I asked.
I want to know is it authentic?
'Cause, you know,
I'm straight up from The Bottoms,
so I could tell the difference.
It's legit.
Hook that up on up then.
Judge wouldn't give Cross
- a warrant.
- Good. That's that, then.
Maybe, but I doubt it.
My suggestion
is to get the fuck up out of there
and never look back.
While I appreciate the concern,
I'm not going anywhere.
Cross didn't find me, and he won't,
unless I want him to.
Cross ain't likely to let this go,
and you caught a lucky break today.
A smart man would cash that on in.
If you think I got lucky,
then you still don't know me, Bobby.
There you go.
Enjoy.
This don't live up
to the Ratchet City name,
I'm coming back.
And it won't be a
"I want my money back" type problem.
You feel me?
I'm just fucking with you.
[both laughing]
[sighs]
Keep the change, dawg.
Dude is crazy.
I think they killed my dog.
What?
I'm just trying to figure out
how they got my hair.
I bet they're the ones that killed him.
Wait, I'm-- Someone killed your Bailey?
Why did I not hear about this?
Last time we talked,
you had other priorities.
But it makes sense
that they'd take him out.
His bark could wake
the entire neighborhood.
If Bailey's alive,
they don't get in my house.
You have cameras.
[scoffs] Yeah. Like they helped.
Your colleagues
checked out a car parked nearby.
Nothing.
Well, it might hit different now,
with two of us involved.
You're right.
It has to be a case that we did together.
Do you remember that Jerry Cooper guy?
The St. Patrick's day thing?
He was about to get
a misdemeanor for lewd behavior
until you showed up and got it up to
first-degree sexual assault.
What made him jump to mind?
Brecher gave him the max-- eight years--
and a lifetime on the predator list.
He swore he was coming after you.
Do you remember what he said?
"He ruined my life.
I'm gonna ruin his."
You got evidence that would justify
changing cause of death to murder?
You know about Tavio Lemmons
and Vanessa Norris getting killed, right?
We're talking about Emir Goodspeed.
[Sampson] Right, but they got killed
to cover up what happened to him.
That doesn't do it for you?
Well, not when making that change
could set this city on fire.
And there's other scenarios
more plausible than murder.
Well, like what?
Emir Goodspeed had a long drug history,
both as a seller and a user.
He overdosed on drugs
supplied by Tavio Lemmons.
Oh, but then he called Tavio for help?
I mean, you heard the voicemail.
- We should let De Lackner finish.
- She doesn't have anything
to do with this.
I was first detective on, asshole.
[Anderson] Finish.
Tavio Lemmons was killed
by Emir Goodspeed's criminal associates--
Emir was clean.
Enough. I've seen the report.
What De Lackner's saying
makes more sense than anything I've heard.
Emir Goodspeed OD'd. It's Vice.
It's not even in your purview anymore.
Tavio Lemmons, Vanessa Norris--
they're open homicides.
Feel free to work them.
Period. The end.
Shit, it won't be. It definitely won't be.
Three people murdered.
You want to file this under
another three Black drug-related deaths,
then we're no better than
those protestors outside say we are.
I don't answer to them,
but you answer to me.
Back to work, Detective.
[Ramsey] [voice-over] ♪ I'm gonna
wash that man right out of my hair ♪
♪ I'm gonna wash that
man right out of my hair ♪
Do you know South Pacific?
My mother used to play the record
at least once a week.
I used to fucking hate it.
Now I know all the words.
I like to sing them.
Why are you doing this to me?
Oh, no, no, no, not to you.
With you.
Together, you and I are gonna create
something so...
beautiful.
Please, I...
I just want to go home.
[chuckling] Oh, no.
No, no, no, no.
Get that thought out of your head.
That thought will just torture you.
I need you to be strong, like Aileen.
I don't know who that is.
[Ramsey chuckles]
Aileen Wuornos.
The world didn't understand her
so they executed her,
just as the world
didn't understand Joan of Arc
when they burned her at the stake.
Aileen was just as inspiring.
She killed seven men.
There was a moment where she took over
a whole stretch of Route 19.
When they finally caught her,
they offered her life in prison, but...
[chuckles]
...she refused to repent.
So they executed her.
Now, no one is putting up a cross
for Aileen.
But I can do something so much better.
Because I have you.
And you are gonna look terrific...
...as a blonde.
[♪ Experience Unlimited: "Hey You"]
♪ Hey, you ♪
♪ Can we come together? ♪
Okay, that's too much food, John.
Even for you.
I'm rage eating.
What you so mad about?
Anderson won't change cause of death.
What? Why?
It gets worse, bruh.
De Lackner wrote up some bullshit report.
Whoa, whoa, John. You know I love you,
but you got to watch
your language in here.
My bad, Miss Tana. Won't happen again.
De Lackner's still pissed off
that the case got kicked to us.
Anderson made her write up some report
about 41 Price Street being a drug den.
In Georgetown? Can you believe that shit?
John.
Please don't make me sic EZ on you.
[Cross] Wait, hold on.
De Lackner signed an affidavit?
Yeah, man. [short chuckle]
She's so sour,
she don't want no part of the truth.
Know what?
I think she helped the cause
without even knowing.
[sighs]
This is some first-class bullshit, Alex.
No bullshit at all, Your Honor.
Detective De Lackner
identified this location as a hub
for narcotics activity.
So you're going in there
looking for drugs?
Yes, sir. Yes, sir.
We plan to coordinate a search
with the Narcotics Suppression Unit.
[chuckles]
Look at you,
keeping a straight face.
Have you always been this good?
Ah, you know,
did a little acting in high school.
"With as little a web as this
I will ensnare as great a fly as Cassio."
Iago?
Get the fuck out of here.
Look at you.
[short chuckle]
Would you like to see?
- No.
- Oh, you really should.
Course, we'll need the roots to grow in
to match Aileen's, and your face--
it needs to be fuller.
You can help with that
by eating whatever
I put in front of your face.
If you don't want to do that,
we can always use a feeding tube,
and nobody wants to--
What is that?
[tense music playing]
Jesus, is that a rash?
What is that?!
[metal clatters]
[gasps]
What the fuck?
What is that?
Jesus, it's--
Christ, what the fuck is this?
What the fuck is this?
- Jesus, it's everywhere!
- [phone vibrating]
What is this?!
Stop crying.
You're gonna tell me what that is.
Now. What is that?
I have a condition.
What?
Hey, listen,
Cross got that warrant on Price Street.
Good for him.
Hey, you-you got that motherfucker
cleaned up good, right?
Actually, I'm with a guest right now.
End that.
You need to get out of there right now.
Now!
I don't need to do anything.
In fact, I will
leave the door open for them
because getting to this house
is not the same as getting to me.
Oh, thank you, God.
[police radio chatter]
[dramatic music playing]
I can prove what everything looked like
before you came in.
I have pictures. From-from today.
[indistinct chatter]
- Anything?
- [Chenowit] Not yet.
What are you looking for?
Hello?
Help!
- Help!
- Hel...
- No one can hear you!
- [crying]
No one can hear you! No one can hear you!
You know what I love
about the basements in this neighborhood?
They're very old, built with
vaulted brick, three layers thick.
And I added concrete
and 18 inches of soundproofing,
but go ahead.
Give it your best shot.
[both shouting]
[sobs]
Sorry we didn't turn up anything.
Whatever it costs to clean this mess,
- the city is paying for all of it.
- Yo!
Do not follow me any further
or it will get messy. I shit you not.
What's the matter, Sampson?
No blood? No tissue?
No shit.
No drugs either, Shawna.
Despite your thoroughly-written affidavit.
I guess your boy Goodspeed
shot 'em all up.
Hey! Stop trying to put dirt
on a dead man's name.
Cut it. All of you.
Backstabbing motherfucker.
De Lackner, enough of the mean girl shit.
- Okay.
- We all want the same thing.
Solve this case.
You struck out, now go home.
Anderson is furious, John.
Lining up cannons. Get him on track
or get out of the way.
You hear me?
[door closes]
[♪ Richard Cole: "Lana"]
[Pope] [voice-over] Welcome back
to The Love Zone.
This is Vaughn Pope,
honored to be spending time with you.
[Nana Mama] Long day?
Night, Nana.
[radio DJ] I don't care if you're
in a dark cave in the Himalayas
or 2,000 leagues under the sea,
if you're listening to The Zone,
you're never alone.
Tonight, you know what it is.
All requests, all the time.
♪ ♪
You pick the songs,
I'm just here to press play.
Every phone line's glowing,
so let's get back at it.
Who's in The Zone with me?
[Cross] Isaiah.
Long time listener, first time caller.
[Pope] Good to have you, brother.
Who you requesting for?
[Cross] My wife, Maria.
She, uh...
...she put me onto The Zone.
[Pope] Well, all right.
Any special occasion?
[Cross] Our anniversary.
[Pope] That's beautiful.
She there with you now?
[Cross] No.
She passed away.
[Pope] Oh, my man.
I'm sorry to hear that.
[Cross] We, uh... Man,
we would listen
to your show every week.
Grab our cocktails,
cuddle up on the couch.
I haven't...
I haven't been able to tune in
since she was...
killed, but, uh...
Today, I t...
It's our anniversary, you know?
So, I thought, "Let me just..."
[Pope] I hear you.
How long has it been?
[Cross] Little over a year.
[Pope] When you say "killed,"
you mean accident or...
Murdered.
[Pope] Oh, man.
[Cross] She was 34.
[Pope] You're breaking
my heart right now, Isaiah.
How you holding up, man?
[Cross] Some days are bad,
other days are worse.
I just...
I don't know how to say goodbye.
[Pope] Y'all got kids?
[Cross] Uh, boy and a girl.
[Pope] Yeah, and I bet
you got some happy memories
- with her, too.
- Oh, man, she...
Man, when she was around,
God...
man, the whole world was a-a happy memory.
[chuckles] Yes.
[Pope] She's still around, Isaiah.
Just because you can't see and touch her
doesn't mean she's not there.
You dig? You don't have to
say goodbye, just say thank you.
And then see what you can do about
making the rest of your life
a happy memory.
You still with me?
[Cross] Y-Yeah, I'm here.
[Pope] That's good, bruh.
And I'm here with you.
And I been on this road a long time,
and one thing I've learned
is that none of us
walk it alone.
So we gonna play a song for Maria.
What's it gonna be?
[♪ Chaka Khan: "Love Me Still"]
"Love Me Still."
It was her favorite song.
[Pope] Okay, Isaiah,
this one's for Maria.
Happy anniversary.
♪ Here's the part of me ♪
♪ They have not sold ♪
♪ I've wandered far ♪
♪ I've had my fill ♪
♪ I need you now ♪
♪ Do you love me still? ♪
[Sampson] Sugar, wake up.
Come on. Get up.
[grunts]
What's wrong?
Here, take this medicine and snap to.
We got a lead on the car
you thought was connected
to the Kowaleski break-in.
Got ticketed last week
over by the old Jefferson school.
Might help us find
whoever's been stalking you.
Now, we ain't waiting to see if that car's
still there in the morning, are we?
All right, then. Let's go.
Yeah, that's what I'm talking about.
[energetic music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
♪ ♪
Want one?
Uh... no, I'm good.
Uh, do you stay here?
Starship passenger number 417.
I'm looking for somebody.
His name is Jerry Cooper.
Yeah, I-I've seen him.
I don't know if he lives here.
Comes around.
Is he here tonight?
Yeah. He was. Yeah, um, back there.
- Back there?
- Yeah, just all the way to the back.
All right.
[music continuing in distance]
[haunting music playing]
- [pulsing music playing]
- [cheering, whistling]
[ominous music playing]
♪ ♪
[floorboard creaks]
- [gunshots in distance]
- [shrieking, clamoring]
Sugar, you hear that?
[shrieking, clamoring
continues in distance]
[tense music playing]
Shit.
What happened?
You all right?
[police radio chatter]
Where's my partner?
I thought I told you to get him in line.
It's a work in progress.
Where-where is he?
He gave a statement
and I sent him home with a uni.
What the hell happened here, for real?
Somebody's been stalking Cross.
Showing up at the house,
following him around.
Delivering those flowers, all that.
And you guys don't tell me?
Jesus.
Was that her?
I don't know.
It all happened
before he could get anything.
- She pulled first?
- Yeah.
You saw it?
No.
- So how do you know?
- I know Alex.
I know he's your friend,
but when somebody's drowning
and they struggle too hard,
you have to let them go
or they will take you down with them.
Understand?
You don't smell too good.
Yeah, I'm overdue for a shower.
Everything okay?
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, it's fine. I promise.
What you doing up?
Well, Miss Nancy says
the difference between
being good and being the best
is how hard you work
when no one's looking.
I like that.
So you trying to be the best, hmm?
- You is that? You the best?
- [chuckles]
You the best? You the best?
You the-you the best.
Yeah, you the best.
- Yeah.
- All right.
[playing Debussy's "Clair de Lune"]
[footsteps approaching]
[Nana Mama] Alex,
he sounds good, doesn't he?
[doorbell rings]
[Massey] Good morning, Mrs. Cross.
- Alex around?
- Ah, yes. Come in.
He's, uh, he's in there.
[piano continues playing]
I get you something, Lieutenant?
Decaf?
- Go for some off that if I could.
- [sighs]
[laughs]
I had enough of that last night
for the both of us.
[Nana Mama] Damon,
let's get something to eat.
- You can practice later, okay?
- [playing stops]
I got a heads up from I.A.
You're in the clear on this one.
The woman's name was Brenda Leeland.
We found a note in her room.
Someone ordered her to kill me?
It gets weirder.
The bullets from her gun
were tampered with.
Nothing but misfires.
So they set her up to be killed.
To be killed by you.
Someone from my past is out to get me.
I don't know who, but I'm doing
everything I can to find out.
Can you do that
and stay on the Goodspeed case?
I-I have to.
Emir's family needs answers
as much as I do.
Good.
'Cause I just put my ass on the line
with Anderson to keep you on the case.
And if you want answers
about Brenda Leeland,
they found her car at the wharf.
[police radio chatter]
Yo.
Are you sure this is Brenda Leeland's car?
We confirmed it, Detective.
Nothing unusual in it, though.
Except for this.
Is that... Is that a dress?
That wasn't here yesterday.
It's not Maria's, is it?
No, it's not Maria's.
But I've seen it before.
[typing]
[ominous music playing]
Now, how does a place in that neighborhood
go vacant for months?
I mean, you could rent a park bench
for 200 a night in Georgetown.
Only excuse for that place being empty
is if they were
using it for something else.
Like a... like a-a trap.
Well, why wouldn't the neighbors
just call about it and--
The man went missing for nine days.
Nine days.
Whoever killed him--
they needed time to work on him,
change him like they did.
But if they kept him there the whole time,
there would have been
evidence of that, so...
was Emir drugged there,
killed somewhere else?
But no, no, no.
[Malika] You had to cut his hair off, too?
Killing him wasn't enough?
[Massey] What, are you saying
that somebody force-fed Goodspeed
- and then killed him?
- [Wu] Did you know that house
used to be the Egyptian embassy?
And before that, the Second National Bank.
And before that, a brothel.
Automatic blackout blinds.
Every door has a deadbolt that
needs to be keyed, even from the
- [echoing] inside.
- [Wu] And before that, a brothel.
Chris, didn't you say Price Street
used to be a brothel?
You mean before you bit my head off?
Yeah, I did.
Okay, what was the name?
Uh, was it
- "Blue" something? I remember, uh... Bl--
- Blue Allie's.
That's it. That's it.
Hey, look, we owe you.
See? Told you.
- [tense music playing]
- [car approaches]
Oh...
[car door closes]
- [line ringing]
- [clicks tongue] Pick up, man. Pick up.
Pick up, pick up, pick up.
[engine starts]
[phone buzzing]
[Ramsey] So, I got a, uh, preview
of this session's voting agenda.
What happened to Project Yellowstone?
Did you see it on the agenda?
No, I did not.
Then you know what happened.
I won't do it, Eddie.
I've done too much for you already.
Too much?
Even for a platinum circle donor like me?
There's nothing platinum about you, Eddie.
- Except your money.
- [chuckles]
I keep picturing the hick who showed up
at my office begging for a job.
Didn't know the difference
between DOJ and SEC.
[chuckles] It's still hard
for me to take you seriously.
You took me seriously enough
to ask me to stick hormone shots
in your ass
when you were trying to have a baby at 47.
You were my little bitch back then.
And I'm so proud
of how far you've come, little Eddie.
But understand,
I taught you everything you know.
Not everything I know.
There she is.
There's the Caitlin I know and love.
You're right, I would have done
anything for you back then.
Do you remember the night that
you asked me to go get a box
on K Street? It was in that old attic,
and the ceiling was so low.
They had sprinkled broken glass in tar
and let it dry.
I literally crawled over broken glass
on my hands and knees for you, Caitlin.
- Do you remember that?
- Do you remember when it came out
that you didn't actually graduate
from Wharton?
Which was a federal crime because you lied
- on an application for security clearance.
- [phone buzzing]
And I saved your ass.
There I was, all cut up and bleeding,
and I brought you
a box full of photos and videos.
You couldn't even look inside.
That's how bad it was.
All you said to me was, "Burn it."
In all the years I did your bidding,
that was the only time
you ever said thank you.
Is that why you're coming for me--
- I didn't pat you on the back enough?
- No, Caitlin.
I don't need you to stroke me.
I need you to know that I didn't burn it.
And Horace--
well, he didn't stop his little hobby.
And every time he takes one of his trips,
I'm there with him, in spirit.
And in video.
Would you like to see one of them?
[dramatic music playing]
I believe the oldest boy
in that one is, um...
is 13.
I'll get Yellowstone on the agenda.
Yeah, and you will make sure
that it passes.
You know, maybe it's a good thing that
you and Horace weren't able to have a kid.
He'd probably just be waiting
until it had a hole big enough to fuck.
[phone buzzing]
Have a good day, Caitlin.
What the hell are you doing there?
I've been hollering at you. Cross is back.
- I'm cleaning all this shit up.
- No. Don't touch her.
Cross won't find her there.
He ain't come back
'cause he forgot his keys.
He knows something.
- L-Listen, listen.
- [sobs]
You need to get her out of there. Alive.
I don't need...
to do anything.
How sure are you about this?
We're already in some
hot motherfucking water.
Blue Allie's had a secret exit
for their clients and workers
in case they got raided.
I bet it's still there.
[chuckles]
Will this do?
Mm.
Knock, knock.
[panting] Please don't kill me.
Please. Please, I won't say anything,
- I promise--
- Hey, hey, hey, hey,
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Ain't no sense in begging.
You ain't got no tricks to play nohow.
Hey.
[intriguing music playing]
Okay. Enough.
You can't be here with that.
- Don't warrants expire?
- People do.
♪ ♪
You have any idea what you're looking for?
[knocking continues]
Or is this just some Sherlock shit
- you done come up with?
- [door rattles]
- Hit it.
- What? No! Uh...
Uh, you can't do that.
Obstructing justice is one thing.
Obstructing me is something else.
- What do you want?
- 2.2 million.
One million.
- [banging nearby]
- Mm. [grunts, chuckles] Ooh, won't be
long now.
One million, Bobby. Best and final.
You said that she's
the last one.
Okay. Okay.
Two million.
- I said 2.2.
- [banging continuing]
2.2 million. It'll be in your account
by the end of the week.
Now, I want Aileen and the book.
I need them both.
Deal.
You got anything you want to say?
- I-I didn't-- I-I--
- Save it.
[suspenseful music playing]
- [grunting]
- [crying]
Help!
Help, please!
Help! Help!
- [screaming]
- Hey! Hey, hey!
Hey! Hey.
Say another motherfucking word.
[up-tempo music playing]
That way.
- [door closes]
- [sirens wailing in distance]
Fuck!
[contemplative music playing]
[Cross] Aw, damn.
John.
Come check this out.
- [Sampson] That's the D.C. Sniper.
- [Cross] Yep.
John Allen Muhammad.
Ted Bundy.
John Wayne Gacy.
These are all serial killers on one side
and victims who look like them
on the other.
[Sampson] Ooh.
He made Emir look like The Sandman.
Yep.
There's only one killer without a match.
Whoever he has now,
we know who she looks like.
- Mm.
- Aileen Wuornos.
[hip-hop music playing in the car]
- [music stops]
- [engine stops]
[whimpers]
Where is she?
Mojo just came along
to discourage any looky-loos.
Voilà.
And the book?
They was breathing down my neck.
I ain't had no time.
So, where is it?
Somewhere between that room
and the street.
Goddamn it. Fuck. Fuck!
[sinister music playing]
- We had a deal.
- And I came through
- with the part that matters.
- [Mojo whimpers]
You can go ahead
and make you another scrapbook.
[chuckles]
What if I killed your dog and said,
"Make another Mojo"?
Is that a threat?
None of it matters
without the book.
And no, it cannot be recreated.
- Do you understand me?
- Are you fucking serious?
If you want your money...
...get me the book.
[♪ I.AM.EM: "Double Dutch"]
♪ I got the key ♪
♪ I got the speed ♪
♪ I got da drip on IV, the remedy ♪
♪ I guarantee I got the stamina,
I betchu ♪
♪ I got da touch, touch,
double Dutch, Dutch ♪
♪ Got da touch, double Dutch ♪
♪ And on my feet
I got Balenciaga for the saga ♪
♪ Please, no drama, need dat first ♪
[Sampson] Someone wants you to pay.
But who?
Next time on Cross...
- Everybody, grab your microphones.
- [whoops]
Our killer duplicates everything.
This book will be the key to finding him.
What are we calling this freak?
We're calling him The Fanboy.
I don't kill for fun.
I'm not a monster.
- Hands up.
- How'd I know
that you'd come?
[intense music playing]
- You're sure he's The Fanboy?
- Yes.
[Ramsey] If I were you,
I would hold very still.
♪ It's the big leagues,
overseas big cheese ♪
♪ Wit the foreign doors,
sunshades with the freeze ♪
♪ I'm-a black it out ♪
♪ Inside out, limousine,
this the highlight, the high life ♪
♪ This the dream, got da Midas touch ♪
♪ Midas stroke, Midas choke ♪
♪ If you acting up ♪
♪ Yoke you up ♪
♪ Under cloak,
crooked money on the books ♪
♪ Dis dat Al Pacino, still the bank know
the money's green, though ♪
♪ Facts ♪
[laughs]
Tell 'em again!
Kick 'em to the curb.
Go!
♪ I got the key, I got the speed ♪
♪ I got da drip on IV, the remedy ♪
♪ I guarantee I got the stamina,
I betchu ♪
♪ I got da touch, touch,
double Dutch, Dutch ♪
♪ Got da touch, double Dutch,
got the key ♪
♪ I got the speed, I got the drip on IV ♪
♪ The remedy, I guarantee ♪
♪ I got the stamina, I betchu ♪